c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\bin\Debug\WpfApp5.exe.config
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\bin\Debug\WpfApp5.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\bin\Debug\WpfApp5.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\WpfApp5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\Properties\Window1.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\WpfApp5_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\WpfApp5_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\Properties\Window1.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\WpfApp5.g.resources
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\WpfApp5.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\WpfApp5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\WpfApp5.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\WpfApp5.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\Properties\Window2.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\Properties\Window2.baml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\Properties\Window3.g.cs
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp5\WpfApp5\obj\Debug\Properties\Window3.baml
